SERENA
We'll be able to see it
‐ from the top of the hill!
‐ Alright!
[OVERJOYED]
[all gasping]
[laughs]
‐ Smell the ocean?
‐ It feels so nice.
It's always great
to get to the shore.
This says how beautiful
Ambrette Town is.
That's the ocean, Dedenne!
[AWE]
ASH
Alright, Froakie, I choose you!
'Check out the ocean.'
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
Froakie's a Water‐type.
No wonder it's so happy!
Yeah. This would be
a great spot to train.
But there's still
somewhere I want to go.
Where's that, Serena?
‐ Ta‐da! Ambrette Aquarium!
‐ Aquarium?
Great, it's got lots
of Water‐type Pokémon
from all
the different regions.
That's it. I've wanted
to go since forever.
Sounds like fun.
I'd like to go, too.
[AGREEMENT]
I want to go!
I want to go! I want to go!
Then lets go!
♪ I want to be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Going For The Gold!"
NARRATOR
Continuing their journey
to Cyllage City
our Heroes have decided
to visit Ambrette Aquarium
where they can marvel
at the many
Water‐type Pokémon
on display there.
Welcome to Ambrette Aquarium.
I'm sure you'll enjoy
all our aquatic displays.
Can't wait to see them.
Our aquarium
is the perfect place
to see many different
Water‐type Pokémon.
[gasps]
You're a keeper!
Wow! Hey!
I need you to take care
of my brother, please?
[chuckling]
Bonnie, I told you to stop this
a million times.
Oh! Oh!
This is so embarrassing.
I hope you'll think
about it, please?
[chuckles]
Have a nice day.
[all gasping]
Wow, so many!
[EXCITED]
SERENA
They're beautiful.
[all gasping]
[CONTENT]
A Gorebyss. Wow!
It's a pink Pokémon
and it's totally cute.
Incredible!
[gasps]
[screaming]
‐ That scared me.
‐ Ha‐ha!
That's a Relicanth.
Did that scare you, too,
Dedenne?
[NERVOUS]
Cool, Stunfisk!
[EXCITED]
[CONFUSED]
‐ Whoo‐hoo!
‐ You mean Wooper.
[all gasping]
Wooper, too cute.
Lanturn!
[SALUTATIONS]
They're beautiful.
‐ Aren't they pretty, Dedenne?
‐ Yeah.
It's like were all underwater.
You never get to see Water‐type
Pokémon from this angle.
‐ What a treat!
‐ Yeah, right.
‐ Huh?
‐ Hey, what's that?
‐ It's a Mantine. Ha‐ha!
‐ Awesome!
‐ It's gigantic!
Whoever designed
this aquarium
sure knows a lot about
Water‐type Pokémon.
For sure.
[AGREEMENT]
And now, here's
a group of Piplup
'out for a little stroll.'
[CONTENT]
[HAPPY]
‐ Cutie pie.
‐ Whoops! Wrong way.
[NERVOUS]
Piplup are really friendly,
aren't they?
Pikachu and I know a Piplup
who's really something else.
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Hey, it's a Magikarp.
[AWE]
[CONTENT]
POKEDEX
Magikarp, The Fish Pokémon.
Because all Magikarp seem
to do is splash around
'some consider them weak,
but they're actually'
a hardy Pokémon
that can survive in water
no matter how dirty it is.
[laughter]
They do splash around a lot.
GENTLEMAN
You know, many Magikarp
live in the bay here.
CLEMONT
'Uh, who are you?'
Just a friendly observer.
Of course there are many
different types of Pokémon
in the world,
but Water‐type Pokémon
are surprisingly
the second most common type.
[all gasps]
I never knew that.
[CURIOUS]
See, there are so many different
types of Water‐type Pokémon
because they have adapted
to the many different
environments that
are found in the ocean.
‐ Man, that's cool stuff!
‐ Huh.
‐ 'Did you see outside?'
‐ Uh, see what?
[curious]
‐ I meant this.
‐ Huh!
‐ Huh! A Magikarp statue.
‐ And it's gold colored.
‐ It's so big.
It's a statue of
the giant Golden Magikarp.
So, why did they make
a statue for it?
This Magikarp represents
a dream for a lot of people.
If you'd like to learn more
I suggest you speak to that
gentleman over there.
You see, he's
the aquarium's curator!
I must be going now.
He has great stories to tell.
‐ Thanks very much!
‐ Well, let's go!
Mm‐hmm.
[chuckles]
‐ Hmm?
Hmm?
Dig it!
Swiping and selling
that gold statue
should make us
beaucoup debucks!
Don't count
our millions just yet.
It's probably just gold‐plated.
Agreed.
If it was solid gold
it simply wouldn't be
out here unprotected.
If that's true,
why would they have a statue
like this hanging out here
in the first place?
Perhaps there's a real
giant Golden Magikarp
splashing somewhere out there.
It behooves us
to make it ours, then.
[all chuckling]
Mm. Yes! A bite!
[grunting]
It's a big one,
that's for sure.
[all gasping]
Yaah! Ugh!
[groans]
Uh, excuse me,
do you run the aquarium?
Why yes, I do.
My name is Rodman.
Nice to meet you.
I'd also like you to meet
my partner, Clauncher.
[ALOOF]
It's a Clauncher!
POKEDEX
Clauncher
The Water Gun Pokémon.
'Clauncher fires compressed
water from the arm gun'
'on it's right claw
and damages foes'
'with the impact
from the water.'
Whoa!
[CURIOUS]
We were curious about that
giant Golden Magikarp statue.
Oh, that statues amazing,
isn't it?
As a matter of fact,
I'm trying to catch
the real Golden Magikarp
right now!
[all gasping]
There's a real Golden Magikarp?
Hmm. According
to local legend, yes.
So that explains why that
amazing statue's on display.
The legend's been
around for years.
RODMAN
Long ago, people spent
lots of time free
diving here.
One day, a free diver
was shocked by a Starmie
while underwater and came
very close to drowning.
Suddenly, a mysterious giant
Golden Magikarp
appeared out of nowhere
and carried the free diver
to shore
saving his life.
Wow!
Apparently, the giant
Golden Magikarp
has been spotted in this
same area several other times.
Fascinating.
You see, the mayor
is a very friendly man
so when I told him about
the legend, he installed
that Golden Magikarp statue
for the aquarium.
My dream is to catch it
for the aquarium
so children will
have the opportunity
to see it up close.
That way, everyone will enjoy
the aquarium even more.
After all, the purpose
of an aquarium is to educate
and entertain,
don't you think?
Sounds really awesome to me.
[CONFUSED]
[SALUTATIONS]
[UNINTERESTED]
[CONFUSED]
JESSIE
'Well, well, well.'
It's a legend!
Where there's smoke,
there's fire, I always say.
‐ Which means, if it is real‐‐
‐ We'll swim in success.
Then, Operation Catch the Golden
Magikarp is under way!
Oh, I just had a big brainstorm.
'Pedal to the metal.'
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
'Full speed ahead!'
Oh! I got a bite!
[grunting]
‐ Wow, this could be it!
‐ Huh!
The Golden Magikarp.
RODMAN
'It's a big one!'
[all gasping]
[CONFUSED]
[all groans]
Ugh, it's just
a regular Magikarp.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Oh!
[CONFUSED]
Whenever I catch
a regular Magikarp
I always release it
back into the ocean.
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Oh!
I know.
I'll help you catch it.
‐ Me too!
‐ I'd like to help, too!
Well, looks like
I've got myself a fishing team!
‐ Here!
‐ Mmm.
No doubt I'm going to be
the one who catches
‐ that giant Golden Magikarp!
‐ We'll see about that!
You can do it, big brother!
[EXCITED]
‐ Um, uh..
‐ What's the matter?
‐ I've never fished before.
‐ Oh, yeah?
‐ No prob. I'll teach you.
‐ Oh, please!
First, bring your rod
all the way back.. Like this.
Then fling it
as far as you can.
‐ Throw the lure!
‐ Like this?
‐ Farther!
‐ How about this?
Now, you cast the lure
with all your might.
[grunts]
Nice one!
‐ You definitely have potential.
‐ Well, you think so?
Hello there.
It's really nice to meet you.
[ANNOYED]
Huh? Ooh!
[CONFUSED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Clauncher!
[EXERTION]
SERENA
'What's that?'
A bite! Reel it in, quick!
[grunts]
I'm trying!
Oh, could it be
the giant Golden Magikarp?
‐ We'll give you a hand! Pull!
[CURIOUS]
Whoa! It's a Corsola!
It's so cute.
[CURIOUS]
Serena, why don't you
battle Corsola and catch it?
If you want to catch it
you should battle it
right away.
Right.
Okay, Fennekin, come on out!
[READY]
[WATER GUN ATTACK]
[SCARED]
Huh! Ahh!
[MOCKING]
You shouldn't have run away
like that, Fennekin.
You should've battled instead.
[ANNOYED]
Well, it was all a bit sudden.
Next time, for sure!
[AGREEMENT]
[ANNOYED]
Wanna play?
[PANIC]
[ANNOYED]
Huh?
[CONFUSED]
[ANGRY]
[CONFUSED]/[URGING]
[EXERTION]
[PAINED] / [THUNDER SHOCK
ATTACK]
Hey, stop fighting,
both of you!
Huh!
Dedenne!
Stop it now!
[WATER GUN ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Dedenne!
Oh. Ooh!
[RELIEVED]
Clauncher, now you know
better than to attack
an aquarium patrons Pokémon!
[ANNOYED]
Clauncher could be a bit
friendlier, I guess.
It originally lived
in the aquarium
so anyone who visited us here
could watch
and interact with it.
But Clauncher didn't like
being looked at that way.
It lost its appetite,
and I could tell
it was getting
sadder and sadder.
So I decided to make
it my Pokémon instead.
Fortunately, it's fine
when it's just the two of us.
I see.
[UNSURE]
[ANNOYED]
BONNIE
'Dedenne!'
[EXERTION]
Oh, you..
[HAPPY]/[CONFUSED]
[shrieking]
[groans]
Bonnie, I told you
Dedenne's nuzzle
was dangerous, remember?
Sorry. My brains numb.
There, our giant Golden
Magikarpbot is complete.
The big lug gets three stars.
The real Golden Magikarp
will think it's a friend
and approach it, and then..
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
'Gotcha!'
Hey, Clemont, what are you
making there, anyway?
‐ 'All done!'
‐ Huh?
The future is now,
thanks to science..
'...Clemontic Gear, on!'
It's name?
The No Need For
Water‐type Pokémon Food
Chinchow Model Magikarp Magnet!
Your names are pretty boring,
but they say it all.
CLEMONT
A sound wave inaudible
to people will emit
'from Chinchou's antennae
all the way down'
to the bottom
of the ocean.
That sound wave has a
naturally soothing effect on
Magikarp
so they'll be
attracted to
and gather around
my wonderful device!
And that's when we'll
reel them all in!
Wow! Science is so amazing!
‐ You're a genius.
‐ Aw, shucks.
You flatter me!
Let's get to it!
Power, on!
Do you really think
that thing will work?
[all gasping]
‐ 'Is that a Magikarp?'
‐ 'I don't think so.'
'It's a Sharpedo!'
[AQUA JET ATTACK]
[screams]
Whoa!
[ANGRY]
It didn't work
in a big way.
It shouldn't have attracted
them just Magikarp.
[all whining]
You would think that
glorious Golden Magikarp
would be all over us by now.
‐ Huh!
‐ Heads up!
‐ Did you see that?
‐ It was giant‐size!
Catching time.
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Yay!
[all gasping]
[all screaming]
[all groaning]
We swiped a Starmie instead!
‐ Then let it go!
‐ I'm trying!
[ANNOYED]
Fishing's kind of boring
when you don't get any bites.
But isn't it nice to relax
with nothing to do
with all the time
in the world
to feel the delightful
ocean breezes?
CLEMONT
'All done!'
Huh!
The future is still now,
thanks to science.
It's time for take two.
Clemontic Gear, on!
It's name?
The This Time It Will
Attract Only Magikarp
For Certain Lanturn Model.
Your names are still
pretty boring
but they do say it all,
like them or not.
You sure it's gonna
work this time?
Yes, I just ran
extensive tests
on the Magikarp
in the aquarium
and discovered which
sound wave they prefer.
CLEMONT
'This improved model will emit
a special sound wave'
down to the bottom
of the ocean
basically the same procedure
as the Chinchow model!
It's amazing that
science is so amazing!
‐ Let's get started then.
‐ You're sure about this?
Golden Magikarp,
come to me. Now!
[beeping]
SERENA
Mm, nothing seems
to be happening.
Oh! I've got a bite!
‐ Yeah, so do I.
‐ I seem to have a bite, too.
‐ Alright, you can do it!
‐ Hey, I've got a bite.
[all clenching]
JESSIE
'Were being pulled backwards.'
‐ Meowth, what's up?
‐ You got me!
Pedal to the metal times ten!
[all clenching]
‐ So heavy.
‐ Mine's heavy, too.
I've never caught
something like this before!
‐ Me neither!
‐ Hang on, Clemont!
It's too big for me
to hold onto!
[ENCOURAGING]
[SHOCK]
‐ It's huge!
‐ Humongous!
Could we have caught it?
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
We did!
It's the Golden Magikarp!
Amazing!
It really does exist!
[EXCITED]
We really caught it!
‐ We really caught it!
‐ Excellent!
‐ My new device worked!
‐ Great job, big brother!
Alright. Pikachu,
are you ready to battle it?
[EXCITED]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Huh!
[CONFUSED]
No way!
Prepare for trouble.
No way, you say?
And make it double.
No way, no way!
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of fishing hooks.
To extend our denouncing
to Twerp‐ish crooks.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for an aquatic fight.
Meowth, that's right!
[AGREEMENT]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Team Rocket!
Can't you see were trying
to catch the Golden Magikarp?
Get yourself in someone
else's way for a change!
[AGREEMENT]
Those guys are always
messing everything up.
Well, who are those guys?
They're bad guys
who steal peoples Pokémon!
Let's grab those goons'
Pokémon and show them
no one gets
in Team Rockets face!
‐ Beginning with Clauncher.
‐ Down we go.
[SHOCK]
[EXERTION]
Speedy Pokémon!
Change up, let's set
our sights on Dedenne!
[PANIC]
Dedenne, no!
Help Dedenne, Pikachu!
[AGREEMENT]/[SHOCK]
[FOCUSED]
[EXERTION]
[FEAR]
‐ Alley‐oop, Pumpkaboo!
‐ You too, Inkay!
[READY]/[READY]
Use Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL ATTACK]
Look out, Clauncher!
Dodge it!
[EXERTION]
Inkay, Psybeam!
[PSYBEAM ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
Now use Water Gun!
[WATER GUN ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Crabhammer, let's go!
[CRAB HAMMER ATTACK]
[PAINED]
Now use Bubble Beam!
[BUBBLE BEAM ATTACK]
[PAINED]
[groans]
[FOCUSED]
You've got it, buddy!
Thunderbolt, go!
[THUNDERBOLT ATTACK]
JESSIE/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
Wobbuffet!
Hey, thanks.
That was so nice of you
to rescue Dedenne.
Clauncher may be a bit ornery
but it has a strong
sense of justice.
[BASHFUL]
[laughter]
Guess it's time
to call it a day.
I'm sorry for all the trouble
you had to go through.
And that we weren't
able to help much.
Thank you for lending us
your fishing rods.
You kids go on
and keep them.
I'm certain they'll come
in handy someday.
Wow, really?
‐ Thank you so much.
‐ We'll take good care of them.
We appreciate it.
[all gasping]
[HAPPY]
Was‐was that it?
‐ Yeah!
‐ Ha‐ha‐ha!
The legend is really true!
[laughing]
‐ Yes! It's true!
‐ Alright. Yeah!
It does exist.
Happy! Happy!
Everybody's happy!
[laughter]
‐ Gotta go.
‐ We'll be back.
Good. And I will have caught
the Golden Magikarp
by the time I see you next.
SERENA
'We look forward to it.'
[SALUTATIONS]
NARRATOR Although our
Heroes were unable
to help Rodman catch the
Golden Magikarp of legend
they've once again
been reminded
that there are
countless wonders
they have yet to discover
as their exciting
adventures continue.
[theme music]